Mail Hub URL!

02-11-2020

Relevant License Information:Communities User Licenses. I have System Administrator, Standard User, and all of the Customer Licenses Included.

Created New Community using Template Salesforce Tabs + VisualForce

Added Contacts and Accounts Tab to the Community
Community Settings: “Allow customer users to change case statuses” Checked

Attempting to Add Community User from Contacts:
Moved “Enable Customer User” to Page Layout
Enabled Community User from Lightning for Jack Rogers (his email is my own email) as a Customer Community User.
Assign Admin to CEO Role - this allowed me to save Jack Rogers because of an error that said “An account owner must be associated with a role to enable portal users or transfer portal users to his or her account.”

02-12-2020
Verified Jack Rogers as a Community User.
Changed Web-to-Case Settings
Generated Web-to-Case and entered that users will be returned to Mail Hub home.
	Could not include recaptcha immediately because I needed an API key. Recaptcha helps with security so we may get to this later.
	I included the generated html in the OneDrive Folder, though we should make sure it is styled appropriately. Right now I did inline CSS without coloring.

Jack Rogers Salesforce Credentials:
	Username: stephon.d.ingram@gmail.com
Password is Salesforce1@
I changed Jack’s Profile to ‘P1_Customer’, which will allow me to restrict fields I couldn’t.
Org Wide Defaults for External Users is Private, meaning if they cannot create, they will not see anything. Community User Visibility is unchecked. “Grant community users access to related cases” was already checked.
I have created the MailHubHomePage.vfp file in Developer Console to build on.

Notes:
	Checking User’s Permissions in Visualforce: Visualforce Guide Page 86.

02/13/2020:
Reverted profile for Jack back to Comm. User Plus.
Notes:
	$Permission, $Profile, $User references current user info
Page 33 goes over how to enable inline editing for a record


02-15-2020:

Created Visualforce Tab "Case Management" and added it to the Community
Changed Case origin Default to Web
Created the Autoresponse Rule (Jack got an email)
Create a Page Layout for Case for Community User Profiles

Note:
	I have had an issue saving where it says there is duplicate data (not validation rule). Only thing I can say is don’t interrupt the saving process. Maybe it’s just my PC since it’s been taking a while to save since yesterday.

02-16-2020:
	Create Page to track package and added to Community
Note: For tracking packages, we must find a way for User to access pckages related to them, either by they creating it, or by creating a field on the mail pobject.

02-17-2020:
	Finished package tracking

02-18-2020:
	Finished Delivered and Undelivered Package Search Page
	Finished Profile Edit Page



|
V










02-19-2020
	To Do:
		Insert more mail and mailtrackers
		Validate tracking search for the format of the mail serial number
		Get rid of “create new” option, or the ability to create activities
		Take items from profile page to use in edit profile, Remove ability to change username
		Workflow Rules (5%) - days after mail is supposed to arrive, send a task to the admin
		Approval Processes (5%) - for the weight or size
		Process Builder (2%) - call the approval process
Presentation
	Title
	Index
	Thank You

	
		API Key for Recaptcha for Web-to-Case Security
there is a self-registration trailhead

02-20-2020
	Created approval process and process for approving mail greater than 45kg
	Updated Edit Profile Page
	
